# -*- mode: Makefile;-*-

.PHONY: devvars devenv devinit devbuild devclean devinstall devrebuild devuninstall devdistclean devepics devepics-clean devpatch devpatchrevert

devvars: vars

devenv: devvars

devinit: git-submodule-sync
	git clone $(E3_MODULE_DEV_GITURL) $(E3_MODULE_SRC_PATH)
	cd $(E3_MODULE_SRC_PATH) && git checkout $(EPICS_MODULE_TAG)


ifeq "$(INIT_E3_MODULE_SRC)" "1"

devbuild: nonexists
devclean: nonexists
devinstall: nonexists
devrebuild: nonexists
devuninstall: nonexists
devdistclean: nonexists
devepics: nonexists
devepics-clean: nonexists
devpatch: nonexists
devpatchrevert: nonexists
devmodules: nonexists
devmodules_install: nonexists
devmodules_clean: nonexists
devsetup: nonexists
devsetup_clean: nonexists
devtools: nonexists
devtools_conf: nonexists
devtools_clean: nonexists
nonexists:
	$(QUIET)echo ""
	$(QUIET)echo "------------------------------------------------------------"
	$(QUIET)echo "          Could not find $(E3_MODULE_SRC_PATH) "
	$(QUIET)echo "          Please make devinit first !          "
	$(QUIET)echo "------------------------------------------------------------"
	$(QUIET)echo ""
else

devbuild: build
devclean: clean
devinstall: install
devrebuild: rebuild
devuninstall: uninstall
devdistclean: clean
	$(QUIET)echo "Removing $(E3_MODULE_SRC_PATH) ......... "
	rm -rf $(E3_MODULE_SRC_PATH)
devepics: epics
devepics-clean: epics-clean
devpatch: patch
devpatchrevert: patchrevert
devmodules: modules
devmodules_install: modules_install
devmodules_clean: modules_clean
devsetup: setup
devsetup_clean: setup_clean
devtools: tools
devtools_conf: tools_conf
devtools_clean: tools_clean
endif


